all right today I finish install my new
steering rack did that today and then I
install the bumper staring jet from
Maximum Motorsports also I did the
coilovers today also the spindles
in-house and I got lucky today because I
had to drill out he can't see it but I
had to drill out actually yeah you
actually had to build this out and I
didn't have a drill to do it so luckily
I found a machine shop close to the
house that was able to do
is in
so you can see underneath I got I barely
have any room here but with a five mil
space I should take care of that so so
yeah and I'll show you the other side in
a minute
I also did the old coot not a local
powder Stan cooler so this is the feed
line and then this is to return return
line so he's gonna come down the lane
whatever does and then I broke my power
steering because I try to take the
little holes up try to take the little
holes off today
and it broke so it's plastic so go
figure
these are in right here UPR casters so
they're in I can't wait to go get this
car line eventually all right so this is
a maximum lock on this side now it rubs
on this side on the inner bumper so I
guess I'm gonna have to cut this out
probably have a lot of this right here
just have it fit properly but other than
that it's pretty pretty tight I mean I'm
trying it see so fix that in alignment
maximum lock so yeah
and that's it for a few days I don't
know I got that end link on let's not
straight
probably have to do a relocation kit but
either way is on I'm probably gonna snap
it but whatever I'm gonna snap it then
relocate it